One year ago, at the dawn of a new age,
we took the first bold step into a world of
unlimited possibilities.
We're going to get to think about how we use
our imagination to solve some of the biggest problems in
the world.
It allows for the patient and doctor to be a
patient and a doctor like it used to be.
With AI as your copilot, you are supercharging innovation.
It's like right in my mind.
It's magic.
You built new solutions and inspired us to imagine more.
In our journey of generative AI.
We have over 700 use cases across all divisions and
functions, so we really see a big impact.
copilot makes day-to-day life easier so you can spend your
time thinking how I want to improve the experience for
people learning a language.
This technology has the potential to completely reimagine the way
every single student learns in the world.
It enables our people to get back to what they're
brilliant at.
You redefined the art of collaboration.
I've been using copilot on exciting problems that are having
real impacts in people's lives.
I can just go home and be like, yeah, I
did that.
I'm a superhuman.
I've done something amazing.
This is the age of copilots.
Morning.
Good morning, good morning and welcome to Ignite.
It's great to be together in person right here in
Seattle and all of you joining from all over the
world.
Welcome.
Little did we know when we scheduled Ignite that we
will schedule it on the same day that there is
a World Cup semi final going on in cricket.
And I've been up all night, but it finished 5
minutes ago, so I'm glad it did.
And this is the short version of the game, by
the way.
But here we are.
So look, it's just been a fantastic last 12 months.
It's hard to believe that it's just been a year
since ChatGPT first came out, and lots been done, lots
going on in terms of the pace of innovation, which
has just been astounding.
Just last week I was at the Open AI Dev
Day and GitHub Universe, and now of course, Ignite.
But the interesting thing is we're entering this exciting new
phase of AI where we're not just talking about it
as technology that's new and interesting, but we're getting into
the details of product making.